DBOS Cloud DB Connect (#134)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/cloud-tutorials/database-management.md

To run your migrations locally, run `npx dbos migrate` or `npx dbos rollback`.

When you [deploy](./application-management.md#registering-and-deploying-applications) an application to DBOS Cloud it runs `npx dbos migrate` to apply all schema changes before starting your application or updating its code.

:::info
Be careful making breaking schema changes such as deleting or renaming a column&#8212;they may break active workflows running on a previous application version.
:::

> Sometimes, it may be necessary to manually run migration commands such as `npx dbos rollback` on a cloud database, for example to recover from a schema migration failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, it may be necessary to manually undo schema changes such as running `npx dbos rollback` on a cloud database, for example to recover from a schema migration failure.
```

To make this easier, you can load your cloud database connection information into your local [`dbos-config.yaml`](../api-reference/configuration.md) configuration file by running:

```
npx dbos-cloud db connect <database-name>
```

You can then locally run any migration command such as [`npx dbos rollback`](../api-reference/cli.md#npx-dbos-rollback) or [`npx knex migrate:down`](https://knexjs.org/guide/migrations.html#migration-cli) and it will execute on your cloud database.

:::warning

> While it is occasionally necessary, be careful when manually running migration commands on a production database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is occasionally necessary, be careful when manually changing the schema on a production database.
```

Reviewer: Because they're not always migration commands...
